Add plugin docs (#1)
seqeralabs/xpack-amzn: docs.md

# Documentation 

### AWS Batch pro execution 

The `xpack-amzn` plugin implements an advanced version of AWS Batch executor 
for Nextflow that allows using a shared file system in place of AWS S3 bucket 

> as the pipeline work directory and to ingest pipeline data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the pipeline work directory to ingest pipeline data. 
```

### Pre-requisites

Make sure to have configured the XPACK license and the plugin as described 
in the [README](README.md#configuration) document. 

### Use of AWS EFS file system with Nextflow 

AWS [EFS](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/) is a shared file-system based on the 
NFS protocol provided by AWS. 

To learn about EFS details and how to create EFS instance check the AWS documentation

> at [this link](XXXXXXX).

Reviewer: Perhaps this is the link you intended to add? 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/creating-using-create-fs.html

Author: oops, yes!

> Once you have create one or more file systen, to make accessible in your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have createed one or more file systems, to make accessible in your 
```

Author: Typo also in the change 😄 I'll fix it

in your pipeline. 

| Config option 	                      | Description 	              |
|---	                                  |---	                        |
| `aws.efsVolume.'<EFS-ID>'.mountPath`  | The host path to which the file system should be made available (default: none )
| `aws.efsVolume.'<EFS-ID>'.rootPath`   | The file system directory that should be made available throught the mount point (optional, default: `/`) 
| `aws.efsVolume.'<EFS-ID>'.readOnly`   | When `true` only allows the read of files (optional, default: `false`)

### Use of a POSIX-based shared file-system 

Using `xpack-amzn` plugin you can use any POSIX-based shared file-system, along with 
AWS Batch such as [AWS FSx](https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/), [Qumolo](https://qumulo.com/), [Weka](https://www.weka.io/), etc.

The configuration of such file systems is out of the scope of this guide and it's 
expected to be managed by the user. 

To use this file system as work directory in your Nextflow pipeline execution, 
you will only need to specify a shared directory path in the Nextflow command-line 
with the `-w` option, e.g. 

```
nextflow run <MY-PIPELINE> -w /mnt/some/shared/dir
```

> To access shared file paths, other the pipeline work directory, requires to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access shared file paths, other than the pipeline work directory, it is required to 
```
